DOCS-#3778: Improve documentation for Modin vs. Dask (#3779)
modin-project/modin: docs/getting_started/dask.rst

_____________________
By default, pandas preserves the order of the DataFrame, so that users can expect a
consistent, ordered view as they are operating on their DataFrame. However, Dask makes no
guarantees about the order of rows in the DataFrame. This is because Dask sorts the 
``index`` for optimization purposes to speed up computations that involve the row index, as 
a result, it can not support user-specified order.

Modin
"""""

Comprehensive API support
_________________________
Modin is targeted toward parallelizing the entire pandas API and currently implements `more than 90% <https://github.com/modin-project/modin#pandas-api-coverage>`_ of the pandas API. Modin acts as a drop-in replacement for pandas, such that even if the API is not yet
supported, it still works by falling back to running pandas. One of the key features
of being a drop-in replacement is that not only will it work for existing code, if a
user wishes to go back to running pandas directly, they are not locked in to using Modin and can switch between Modin and pandas at no cost. In other words, Modin notebooks can be converted to and from pandas as the user desires.

Eager evaluation
________________

> Eager evaluation is the default mode of operation for data scientists when working with pandas DataFrames in an interactive environment, such as Jupyter Notebooks. Modin reproduces this familiar behavior by performing all computations as soon as it is issued, so that users can inspect intermediate results and quickly see the results of their computations without having to wait or explicitly trigger computation. This is especially useful during interactive data analysis, where users often iterate on their DataFrame workflows or build up their DataFrame queries in an incremental fashion.

Reviewer: I guess we should talk about lazy mode of OmniSci here, at least as a sidenote, as otherwise it looks strange when you say "is the default mode" - that implies that other modes exist.

Author: Thanks @vnlitvinov! Added description to OmniSci.

> Modin vs. Dask DataFrame

Reviewer 2: Should we remove docs/modin_vs_dask.rst and rename this file from dask.rst to modin_vs_dask.rst?

Author: I will do this together in #3792 when I do the restructuring of the sections.

Author: removed `docs/modin_vs_dask.md` and renamed `dask.rst` to `modin_vs_dask.rst`

guarantees about the order of rows in the DataFrame. This is because Dask sorts the 
``index`` for optimization purposes to speed up computations that involve the row index, as 
a result, it can not support user-specified order.

Modin
"""""

Comprehensive API support
_________________________
Modin is targeted toward parallelizing the entire pandas API and currently implements `more than 90% <https://github.com/modin-project/modin#pandas-api-coverage>`_ of the pandas API. Modin acts as a drop-in replacement for pandas, such that even if the API is not yet
supported, it still works by falling back to running pandas. One of the key features
of being a drop-in replacement is that not only will it work for existing code, if a
user wishes to go back to running pandas directly, they are not locked in to using Modin and can switch between Modin and pandas at no cost. In other words, Modin notebooks can be converted to and from pandas as the user desires.

.. figure:: ../img/api_coverage_comparison.svg
   :align: center
   :alt: Percentage coverage of the pandas dataframe API after deduplication

Eager evaluation
________________

> Eager evaluation is the default mode of operation for data scientists when working with pandas DataFrames in an interactive environment, such as Jupyter Notebooks. Modin reproduces this familiar behavior by performing all computations as soon as it is issued, so that users can inspect intermediate results and quickly see the results of their computations without having to wait or explicitly trigger computation. This is especially useful during interactive data analysis, where users often iterate on their DataFrame workflows or build up their DataFrame queries in an incremental fashion. Modin also supports lazy evaluation via the OmniSci engine, you can learn more about it :doc:`here <../developer/using_omnisci>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Eager evaluation is the default mode of operation for data scientists when working with pandas DataFrames in an interactive environment, such as Jupyter Notebooks. Modin reproduces this familiar behavior by performing all computations as soon as it is issued, so that users can inspect intermediate results and quickly see the results of their computations without having to wait or explicitly trigger computation. This is especially useful during interactive data analysis, where users often iterate on their DataFrame workflows or build up their DataFrame queries in an incremental fashion. Modin also supports lazy evaluation via the OmniSci engine, you can learn more about it :doc:`here </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/native/implementations/omnisci_on_native/index>`.
```
I think we should specify a link to Omnisci description section, but not Omnisci usage.

of being a drop-in replacement is that not only will it work for existing code, if a
user wishes to go back to running pandas directly, they are not locked in to using Modin and can switch between Modin and pandas at no cost. In other words, Modin notebooks can be converted to and from pandas as the user desires.

> .. figure:: ../img/api_coverage_comparison.png

Reviewer: Can we have the pictures in `.svg` (both as source and used to display)? that way they're editable in the future (and it's how we started doing in the new documentation PRs mostly).

Author: Got it! I changed the image to `.svg` and made sure that the text is editable.
